if you have to eat a light bulb how
would you do it I'd crush it with your
teeth there with your hand with my hands
and I'd sprinkle it on some chicken
Caesar salad get some dressing see you
you make a meal out of you'd really
enjoy yeah what up - can you think of
one practical use for your belly button
TS III yes yes what is he to see if it
stinks put your finger in there make
sure nobody's looking on images and then
if it does gotta get your ass in the
shower but you do take a moment to enjoy
it right most of the time which would be
harder for you to give up eggs or the
letter Q eggs eggs every morning gotta
get their sausage cheese omelette we
know your name would be sha wheel if you
didn't have a Q right yeah but it still
sound good
shall we oh yeah Larry Bird Magic
Johnson shall wheel O'Neal I guess you
don't need the cue at all nope love you
Jimmy I love you too Ciroc Apple the
answer to all of life's ridiculous
questions for more ridiculousness
watch Jimmy Kimmel Live weeknights at
11:35